

# DequeueWebhook

A queued call has been dequeued and the actionUrl of the corresponding Enqueue action is being invoked. A PerCL response is expected.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**requestType** | **String** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be dequeue - A queued call has been dequeued and the actionUrl of the corresponding Enqueue action is being invoked. |  [optional]
**callId** | **String** | Unique ID for this Call, generated by FreeClimb. |  [optional]
**accountId** | **String** | Account ID associated with your account. |  [optional]
**from** | **String** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**to** | **String** | Phone number provisioned to you and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**callStatus** | **CallStatus** |  |  [optional]
**direction** | **CallDirection** |  |  [optional]
**conferenceId** | **String** | Unique ID of the Conference. |  [optional]
**queueId** | **String** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a Queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. |  [optional]
**queueResult** | **String** | The final result of the enqueued Call. Valid values are: •dequeued - Enqueued caller exited the Queue via a Dequeue action (Dequeue command or Queue Members POST REST API). |  [optional]
**queueTime** | **Integer** | Time (in seconds) the call spent in the Queue. This is only available if the Call was actually enqueued. |  [optional]



