

# IncomingNumberResult


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uri** | **String** | The URI for this resource, relative to /apiserver. |  [optional]
**dateCreated** | **String** | The date that this resource was created (GMT) in RFC 1123 format (e.g., Mon, 15 Jun 2009 20:45:30 GMT). |  [optional]
**dateUpdated** | **String** | The date that this resource was last updated (GMT) in RFC 1123 format (e.g., Mon, 15 Jun 2009 20:45:30 GMT). |  [optional]
**revision** | **Integer** | Revision count for the resource. This count is set to 1 on creation and is incremented every time it is updated. |  [optional]
**capabilities** | [**Capabilities**](Capabilities.md) |  |  [optional]
**campaignId** | **String** | The campaign ID generated by the campaign registry |  [optional]
**phoneNumberId** | **String** | String that uniquely identifies this phone number resource. |  [optional]
**accountId** | **String** | ID of the account that owns this phone number. |  [optional]
**applicationId** | **String** | ID of the Application that FreeClimb should contact if a Call or SMS arrives for this phone number or a Call from this number is placed. An incoming phone number is not useful until associated with an applicationId. |  [optional]
**phoneNumber** | **String** | Phone number in E.164 format. |  [optional]
**alias** | **String** | Description for this phone number. Typically the conventionally-formatted version of the phone number. |  [optional]
**region** | **String** | State or province of this phone number. |  [optional]
**country** | **String** | Country of this phone number. |  [optional]
**voiceEnabled** | **Boolean** | Indicates whether the phone number can handle Calls. Typically set to true for all numbers. |  [optional]
**smsEnabled** | **Boolean** | Indication of whether the phone number can handle sending and receiving SMS messages. Typically set to true for all numbers. |  [optional]
**offnet** | **Boolean** | The offnet field is a boolean representing whether the number is offnet registered or not. This field will be rendered only for requests to the IncomingPhone number resource. |  [optional]



