

# OutDialStartWebhook

The OutDial command has started and the actionUrl is being invoked. This request is made in the context of the parent call (Call leg that invoked). A PerCL response is expected.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**requestType** | **String** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be outDialStart - The OutDial command has started and the actionUrl is being invoked. |  [optional]
**accountId** | **String** | Account ID associated with your account. |  [optional]
**callId** | **String** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb |  [optional]
**from** | **String** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**to** | **String** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**callStatus** | **CallStatus** |  |  [optional]
**direction** | **CallDirection** |  |  [optional]
**conferenceId** | **String** | This is only populated if request pertains to a conference. Otherwise, it is set to null. |  [optional]
**queueId** | **String** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. |  [optional]
**dialCallId** | **String** | ID of the child call that was generated as a result of the Outdial. |  [optional]
**parentCallId** | **String** | ID of the Call that created this leg (child call). If this was an inbound call or call created via REST API with no parent, this field will be null. |  [optional]



