

# QueueWaitWebhook

A queued Call is requesting instructions to execute during the wait in the Queue and the corresponding waitUrl is being invoked. A PerCL response is expected. The following are the only PerCL commands supported in the PerCL script response to a request to the waitUrl: Play,Say,Pause,GetDigits,Dequeue,Hangup

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**requestType** | **String** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be queueWait - A queued call is requesting instructions to execute during the wait in the queue and the corresponding waitUrl is being invoked. |  [optional]
**accountId** | **String** | Account ID associated with your account. |  [optional]
**callId** | **String** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb |  [optional]
**from** | **String** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**to** | **String** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**callStatus** | **CallStatus** |  |  [optional]
**direction** | **CallDirection** |  |  [optional]
**conferenceId** | **String** | This is only populated if request pertains to a conference. Otherwise, it is set to null. |  [optional]
**queueId** | **String** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. |  [optional]
**queuePosition** | **String** | Current queue position of the enqueued Call. |  [optional]
**queueTime** | **Integer** | Time (in seconds) the Call spent in the Queue. This is only available if the Call was actually enqueued. |  [optional]
**currentQueueSize** | **Integer** | Current number of enqueued Calls in this Queue. |  [optional]



