

# TranscribeWebhook


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**requestType** | **String** | The context or reason why this request is being made. Will be transcribe - The TranscribeUtterance command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. |  [optional]
**accountId** | **String** | Account ID associated with your account. |  [optional]
**callId** | **String** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb |  [optional]
**from** | **String** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**to** | **String** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). |  [optional]
**recordingId** | **String** | The ID of the recording. If no recording was made due to errors or the &#39;saveRecording&#39; flag being disabled this field will be set to null. |  [optional]
**recordingUrl** | **URI** | The URL of the recorded audio file. This URL can be used as is in a Play command to play the recording (no authentication needed). It can also be used to download the recording file via the REST API. |  [optional]
**recordingSize** | **Integer** | The size of the recording in bytes. |  [optional]
**recordingFormat** | **String** | The media type of the recording. |  [optional]
**recordingDurationMs** | **Integer** | The duration of the recorded audio in milliseconds. |  [optional]
**termReason** | **TranscribeTermReason** |  |  [optional]
**recordTermReason** | **RecordUtteranceTermReason** |  |  [optional]
**digit** | **String** | If recordTermReason is digit, this will be the digit that was pressed. Otherwise it will be null. |  [optional]
**privacyForLogging** | **Boolean** | Echo back of the privacyForLogging flag as specified in the transcribe utterance command – confirmation of logging protection has been applied. Can be used by application to know it should also apply protection when handling this request. |  [optional]
**privacyForRecording** | **Boolean** | Echo back of the privacyForRecording flag as specified in the transcribe utterance command – confirmation of logging protection has been applied. Can be used by application to know it should also apply protection when handling this request. |  [optional]
**bargeInReason** | **BargeInReason** |  |  [optional]
**bargedInPromptNo** | **Integer** |  |  [optional]
**bargedInPromptMs** | **Integer** | duration in ms bargedInPromptNo prompt was executing until barge-in occurred. |  [optional]
**bargedInPromptLoopNo** | **Integer** |  |  [optional]
**bargeInTimeMs** | **Integer** | epoch time in ms |  [optional]
**transcript** | **String** | Transcribed text of the recording. Can be empty or null. null means there was a failure in transcribing the audio, refer to transcribeReason for detailed failure reason. |  [optional]
**transcribeReason** | **TranscribeReason** |  |  [optional]
**transcriptionDurationMs** | **Integer** | The duration of the audio being transcribed in milliseconds |  [optional]



